2p. The solution allows customers to book tickets for different events, like concerts, museums, etc, but the
current solution is inefficient because new event types are added constantly and their details may change
in time. ACME Inc wants a better solution for the creation of different online booking types. Considering
that all share the OnlineBooking abstract definition, implement an efficient solution that will allow them
to create bookings for either Concerts, Events or Museums. (Optionally: each ticket should have a
uniquely generated number)

2p. To test the solution, by using the received class and by creating at least 3 bookings of different types
(Concerts or Events or anything else).

5p. The business is expanding and now is selling holydays trips to the seaside. After a hotel is selected, a
client can choose from a wide range of options in order to finish the booking, as: included breakfast,
number of persons in the room, type of beds, seaside view, floor level, smoking room, etc. Implement a
flexible and efficient way of creating bookings that are able to store all or some of these options (any
combination will be allowed). Once a booking is created, is not permitted to change any of its values.

2p. Test the solution by creating at least 3 bookings, with different combinations of options.

7p. The site displays for each trip, image galleries with the surrounding region, described by the
GalleryImage class, to give more details to each offer. Following the performance tests, it was observed
that in order to display a list of hotels from the same region, which share the same galleries of images,
the memory occupied by the client app increases beyond acceptable limits. Implement a solution (based
on a design pattern) that reduces the memory occupied by the application but still allows the display of
images. Each image displayed is associated with a specific hotel and the time of the year (summer,
winter, spring, autumn) in the hotels list from the same region.

2p. Test the proposed solution by displaying the 3 products from the 2 categories. The solution must show
that the memory has been used optimally. 